<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title></title>
</head>
<body class="composite">
<!--#include virtual="../../header.html" -->
<h2>The SSL Configuration</h2>
<p>
    <b>Note: The replaces the older keystore-only configuration.</b>
    It is much better because this allows you to wrap passwords in XML
    CDATA sections. The older keystore configuration used properties which
    meant that many passwords could not be specified.
</p>

<p>
    This element is used by any component that requires a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connection
    to server. Typically, a client of another machine (such as an OA4MP server that has a client
    certificate to use a MyProxy server) will configure the keystore section. A connection
    to another machine (such as to an LDAP server) requires a trust store. It is beyond the scope of
    this document to discuss these in detail.
</p>
<h3>Supported Properties</h3>
<table style="text-align: left; width: 50%;" border="1" cellspacing="2" cellpadding="2">
    <tbody>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">Name</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">Required</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">Default</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">debug</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">N</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">false</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">Enabled low-level SSL debugging. This is <i>not</i> the same as enabling debugging for
        the server and will tell the SSL layer to print out everything it is doing, which is usually a huge amount of information.
        This is equivalent to setting the Java system property javax.net.debug to true.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">type</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">N</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">-</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">The type of the keystore, e.g. "pkcs12" or "jks". </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">password</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">N</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">-</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">The password for the keystore</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">factory</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">N</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">-</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">The name of the factory, e.g. SunX509, which will be used to create the key manager factory.
        This creates any key managers. You should generally not need to change this.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">useJavaKeystore</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">T</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">true</td>
        <td style="vertical-align: top;">Use the default Java keystore (which normally resides
            at $JAVA_HOME/lib/security/cacerts) in addition to the one given in the path. If this
        element is omitted it is the same as setting this option to "true". Generally, if this is disabled then no
        commercial certificates will be recognized by SSL. This might be useful in certain cases, but
        should probably be enabled unless you have good reasons otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<!--#include virtual="../../footer.html" -->
</body>
</html>